Added that battery status is mock data (#140)
SW709E19/Report: report/ChapterImplementation/Frontend.tex

 \item < 3 days left will be Red, indicating urgent attention.
\end{itemize}
The choice was made to not use battery percentage, but instead use days left as the indicator because devices could have a low battery percentage, but still last for several weeks, and not needing attention from the maintenance responsible yet. 

> Because measuring the battery status, is out of scope of this project, the battery status being shown in the frontend is mock data, and is random generated on every request. 

Reviewer: Jeg synes at det er i scopet af dette projekt. Jeg har givet et bud på en anden forklaring.
```suggestion
We decided during development of the system that measuring the remaining power of the sensor device batteries was of less priority than other aspects of the system, see \autoref{sec:sprint-log-3} for more details.
The battery status displayed by the UI is therefore mocked data and is randomly generated for every request.

```

Author: Din forklaring er nok bedre, og der er også en ref til sprint log
